Add documentation for ASP0008-10 (#27100)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/diagnostics/asp0010.md

---
title: "ASP0010: Do not use UseStartup with WebApplicationBuilder.WebHost"
description: "Learn about analysis rule ASP0010: Do not use UseStartup with WebApplicationBuilder.WebHost"
author: captainsafia
monikerRange: '>= aspnetcore-7.0'
ms.author: captainsafia
ms.date: 09/23/2022
uid: diagnostics/asp0010
---
# ASP0010: Do not use UseStartup with WebApplicationBuilder.WebHost

| | Value |
|-|-|
| **Rule ID** |ASP0010|
| **Category** |Usage|
| **Fix is breaking or non-breaking** |Non-breaking|

## Cause

> `UseStartup` cannot be used with `WebApplicationBuilder.WebHost`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`UseStartup` can't be used with `WebApplicationBuilder.WebHost`.
```

## Rule description

> The `WebApplicationBuilder` does not support configuration via a `Startup` class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `WebApplicationBuilder` doesn't support configuration via a `Startup` class.
```
